Removed text referring to jpsm and fixed typos. (#474)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/troubleshooting-your-setup.md

</div>

> For any unexpected behavior you encounter while developing your Stencil theme, we recommend you first check your terminal window where you started Stencil CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any unexpected behavior you encounter while developing your Stencil theme, we recommend checking the terminal window where you started Stencil CLI.
```

### "Unauthorized...username/token" Error

> If executing the `stencil start` command generates an `Unauthorized, please use a valid username/token` error. Please make sure that the `.stencil` file contains the correct store URL. Also, verify that you have copied the correct username and token. If you continue to get the same error, please reissue tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If executing the `stencil start` command generates an `Unauthorized, please use a valid username/token` error, make sure the `.stencil` file contains the correct store URL. Also, verify that you copied the correct username and token. If you continue to get the same error, please reissue tokens.
```
